>> Nina Zakharenko: As side note you
can do unpacking kind of the variables
with a list, but it's a lot less common.
Returning kind of a list from a function
isn't quiet as safe because you know that
it's emutable, right?
Maybe it'll get changed
later down the line, and
you won't quite know what to expect.
So I recap of tools.
We have the cheat sheet right here.
What are they used for?
Storing a snapshot of related items.
That belong to a record maybe.
One we don't plan on modifying,
adding or removing the data.
For creation, we use parentheses,
empty parentheses or
the tuple call for an empty tuple.
Or for a tuple with one item, we have to
make sure to insert that trailing comma.
For a tuple with many items,
insert as many commas as you want.
With or without the optional parentheses,
although,
>> Nina Zakharenko: You'll
see it done both ways, right?
Some people use it, some don't.
For the search, methods my_tuple.index or
item in my_tuple works
just the same as list.
Because there's a sequence to the tuple,
things are in a particular position.
Searching for
an item in a large tuple is also slow.
You kind of have to check each
value just like with the list.
Common methods, you can't add or remove
from tuples but the order is preserved.
Is it mutable?
No, is it in-place sortable?
No, because it's not mutable, right.
These things are typed together.